Reorganize Describe and Notifications pages for Incident management (#25261)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/_index.md

You can also view your Incidents list from your mobile device home screen and manage/create incidents by downloading the [Datadog Mobile App][3], available on the [Apple App Store][4] and [Google Play Store][5].

{{< img src="service_management/incidents/incidents-list-mobile.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="Incidents on Mobile App">}}

## Describing the incident

> When declaring an incident, it is critical to provide a comprehensive description, detailing what happened, why it occurred, and related attributes to ensure all stakeholders in the incident management process are fully informed. The essential elements of an incident declaration include a titles, severity levels, incident commanders, and notifications. Effective incident management documentation includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When declaring an incident, it is critical to provide a comprehensive description, detailing what happened, why it occurred, and related attributes to ensure all stakeholders in the incident management process are fully informed. The essential elements of an incident declaration include a title, severity level, incident commanders, and notifications. Effective incident management documentation includes:
```

- Updating incident details, including its status, impact, root cause, detection methods, and service impacts. 

> - Forming and managing a response team, utilizing custom responder roles, and leveraging metadata attributes for detailed incident assessment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Forming and managing a response team, using custom responder roles, and leveraging metadata attributes for detailed incident assessment. 
```
